alright so smoky 973 first runescape
video link me just washing doctor who by
the way so I never made really ever
anything runescape related but I've been
playing for I don't know forever
basically um left alive quit for very
long time as well as you can see my
watch is closed my equipment invent our
equipment screen I invent the thing
stupid um kind of novice like using a
fucking nose peg and not the Slayer helm
snakeskin boots fletching cape because
i'm retarded to the sign of the kanay
vose whatever the fuck cumulatively or
whatever it's called arm so I decide to
do my own type of you know this is what
the evolution of combat is so doing a
slayer task right now bear inspectors
weakness is thrown weapons so I just
assumed that they're weak to range in
general um yeah using the rapid-fire
ability right now pretty amazing um yeah
I think like I saw a video earlier
forget what the guys username is but he
was like auto the system is so unique
you know and I totally agree with him
but the change is pretty amazing like it
is very very interactive very intense
but it's fun it's legitimately fun so
just gonna you know do some range going
to use momentum going to use the I don't
know what it's called right now because
i'm actually not speaking while
recording on doing a voiceover cuz i am
very retarded i don't know whatever the
restoration ability out on my equal key
it basically removes the need to bring
food to easy slayer task like a bear
inspectors so yeah trying to make bank
and get some level
from this crap so yeah I guess I'll
comment everyone's well I got all the
momentum ah so yeah I know it's so
amazing watching me just like destroy
stuff you're on the heaven like lower
quality just because I didn't know what
were the cord well um i guess it's okay
if you guys want in higher quality and
see freakin my character sweat and you
know you know destroy these ghastly
monsters bastards I just remembered I'm
gonna bring my ecto plast whatever the
hell it's called from that Halloween
again I have suction could got some free
prayer experience because 74 prayers
just balls and so just there to get good
curses which I don't even have curses
because I again fucking up the likes of
right there man um so yeah right now I
think momentum ability is just
phenomenal it is what everyone want it
is the old combat system put just better
look you're amped up doing way more
damage you know like one of the momentum
abilities or one of them went to attacks
you get while using momentum is for
range is the fragmentation ability which
is damage over time so that alone is
just freaking great way better than what
you know click and YouTube is which no
no keep keep clicking in youtubing
because that's where my fuckin video is
I appreciate the views um yeah I don't
know I did some major earlier and that
was just freaking great um i was using
fire spells at skeletal librarians and
that just demolishes them like house
accidentally stealing someone's kills
because i'm a douche bag um
yeah i guess i'll be making more of
these since I actually can now um what
to say uh I don't know yeah i'll be
doing random videos whatever i don't
suggest looking that other stuff i have
on my channel yugioh videos and stuff
and that's just the third a great hair
hair restoration ability yeah um the
thing is freaking amazing um character
seed so yeah just finished the videos
about to be up obviously you can tell
from a little bug in a little video
whatever the fuck on YouTube um comment
like subscribe and salt me whatever talk
yet I'll reply Absalom sold you back
we'll be best friends oh my God look at
that shit crazy um so am i dealing what
much